The Joe Rogan experience.
It's the really up part about it is it's almost like what we were talking about
with football. That football be safer. If there was no helmets,
it doesn't make sense.
We'll be safer, safer.
I feel that way about prostitution and I'm going to actually broach this here.
I was gonna write a joke about it. I was going to say it.
I believe a state issued.
If you apply for funding for support,
you're going to school like alone or the state's paying for you to go to school.
You get a scholarship. You should also be able to apply for a state issue.
Prostitute. If you are a little socially awkward,
maybe you haven't had sex because men get weird.
If they haven't been made privy to the way a woman is,
or they haven't had sex and you're going into college,
let's get you a prostitute. Let's get you having sex twice a week. So you,
you're not afraid of women. Let's get you a little less weird.
Let's fund a prostitute.
I think if it didn't have the social stigma behind it,
there's a lot of people that would choose it over working at Wendy's great.
Did a lot of people that choose it. But we, as an issue,
the social stigma is that there's something wrong with it, right?
Because it's a woman saying I want to do this with my body. That's,
what's upsetting.
Sort of that, but it's also, well in this country,
it's also connected to sex slavery. We think of it as like,
if someone is doing that, then maybe, maybe they're a sex slave.
Like maybe there's someone who's.
I think that's less on people's radars.
And it more has to do with the puritanical idea of.
There's a little bit of that. But I mean,
that was one of the things that they were accusing Robert Kraft of you remember
Robert Kraft is the guy who owns the craft or craft it's craft. Right.
He was the guy who owned the new England Patriots.
He went to a massage power and the game of happy ending.
And then the next thing you know,
that know they arrested him and told him that there's a video of it.
And they were, you know,
they're trying to get him to plead guilty and all these,
all this different that was going on to a guy who's like insanely insanely
wealthy, who just was going there to get jerked off.
But one of the things that they said was that it was, uh,
that he was participating somehow in sex trafficking.
And so they were accusing him of that. They were,
that was a big part of what the police were saying. Well,
it turned out that none of the girls that worked there were sex traffickers.
They're just prostitutes. And the woman that did it to him, she was like 40.
Years old. And if it was legal, none of it.
Was legal, but it's also there. They were using that term too.
They were accusing him of this thing. And using that term,
like to brand him this way.
Shame, there was a news story where they used a buzzword.
Yes. Yeah. It is a buzz word. Right. But it's a buzz word. That's,
it's very specific in terms of like the difference in the consequences that you
would want someone to face,
whether they just went there to get jerked off or they participate in sex.
Right. You're not a part of a ring. I mean, you are,
cause the ring ends with you. So because there's a demand for it,
there is a supply. So that is by larger part of the issue. Um, and I say this,
not knowing a ton about sex slavery,
but I do know that if you take away the stigma and you can normalize things very
quickly, weed is a great example, right? You could do that.
And even we've done this with women and bodies and the way that we look at
people who are overweight,
and we look at people with different things like we are getting to a place where
it's less of a thing. I think you could do that with prostitution.
And it's fine. And look at it as like, this is her choice. And if there,
if there wasn't an exceptional exorbitant demand for it, wouldn't be.
At this point in time,
it has never been a better time to be alive for humans than, than today.
Not saying that it can't get better, but we have made tremendous progress,
uh, by one hand, um, imagining things that don't exist yet.
So inventing technologies and also inventing, uh, institutions.
And on the other hand, uh, our human ability to,
to collaborate effectively in large numbers, uh, which includes the corporation,
which is a very effective way for people to work together. Now,
all that progress has always has also had its negative side effects,
which are most pronounced, of course, in the area of the environment where, um,
we, we put things into an environment that,
that shouldn't belong there and we take too much out of it than nature can
replenish, which includes the fish. And on the other hand,
you have the plastic going into the environment, et cetera. So, uh,
so on the question is, well, how do we solve that? And of course,
one hand is to say, okay, it's kind of the, the,
yeah, maybe the Lou died is maybe a bit of a negative way to, to phrase it,
but the sort of reactionary approach of saying, okay,
we should consume less. Um, you know, corporations are bad, technology's bad.
We should all get rid of all those things. And, um,
I think know the environment, the modern environmental movement,
which is where kind of this romantic movement has this image of back in the day,
everything was great. And we lived in harmony with nature.
So let's get rid of all this modernity and try and return to that pure original
state. What I, however believes is that, first of all, that's,
I don't think it's a very realistic thing.
People want to keep their iPhones and their cars and, you know,
people want to move forward. Um, and at the same time,
I don't think it's really the most effective way to,
to solve these problems because it would be like fighting a leper
tank with bow and arrow. Um, you know,
technology is nothing more than an UN an enabler of human capabilities that it
enhances our power. So why not use that power to also try and solve these,
these, these, these problems as well.
So rather than try and reject business rejecting Anji I truly believe
that we should embrace those, those forces that make us human and,
and has created this amazing world to also try and solve
these, these negative side effects as well. And that's why I believe, you know,
the over consumption over consumption of fish is not going to end like people
all becoming vegan, but rather through, um, you know, fake meat.
Uh, I think the, uh,
transport emissions are not going to be solved by people not flying anymore or
not going anywhere anymore. Realistically people are going to fly more.
So we better invent technologies that allow people to do that without harming
the environment. And, um, yeah, the same thing I think would be the case for,
for, for, for plastic and, and really other energy use this as well.
I just.
Some extent, yeah, 100%. I think you gotta have it. Everybody keep telling me,
oh, you gotta, it's just like knockout part. Like you can build it,
but some people just have it. Like I was talking to my friends,
like I got a little, I got a little, uh,
Japanese fan he's with me on my corner all the time. My wrestling coach,
he helped me out a lot. Am I gonna go? And I tell him all the time like this,
this dude is a little hundred 25 pounds. You know what I mean? 115 pound guy,
pretty much a little girl. I tell him all the time. I was like,
you're a little girl, but if anything,
like there was just one time he was out and about,
and this guy was just acting crazy. This is, this is, uh, this is like a couple,
a couple of years back. And I was, I was at UFC,
but was at one of the UFC events. I forgot what event was that,
but it was doing something that's a big thing. And, um, it was at a party.
And then this one Asian dude is just like getting all crazy and people's faces
like that crazy drunk and blah, blah, blah, get in his face. And I told him,
I had this all hard. My friend punches. I tell him, I tell him guy,
I crack him, but I'm scared. I'm not going to put them to sleep.
I know if you punch him, he's going to go knock out. So you go hit him.
He wouldn't hit them, but he, he punches so hard.
Like he's the smallest guy in our group. Like even one time and, uh, was in,
was at home.
And like he walking and there's this drunk guy and there's like three there's,
four or five of us. And he's the smallest guy in the back.
And we're all walking in like almost a line. And this big guy, he like,
he slips everybody little guy. Laughs. He bumps him hard.
And I looked at him, I'm like, w like, what are you?
And then he goes to the little guy, he goes, he turns to my friend and be like,
what? And I go, my friend goes what? And he just, and then he's like, oh, okay,
nothing. He walks away. And then I told him, and then I told her,
we was hanging out with this new guy. This guy is just hanging out with us.
I told him that is the wrong guy to bump into because out of everyone here,
he probably won't punch and knock you out is the smallest guy. This is it.
I think it's just genetics.
Punchy powers is definitely a genetic thing.
Uber dicey didn't they do that with an African man in the Bronx zoo.
And like the turn of the century, they put an African man in the Bronx.
Yes they did. Yeah. They have an African man.
I believe it was the Bronx zoo in like the 18 hundreds or the early
19 hundreds. A pygmy bought a bingo. What year was it?
1906. Oh God. Wow. Yeah. They had him in the zoo.
It's insane. Look at that. Wow. Dudes in the zoo. Yeah.
Well, you know what, man, people were just figuring life out back then. Right?
Right.
This is the reality of human beings is that we have not been alive that
long.
And we have not been civilized in terms of how we view the world today
with inclusivity and objectivity and care and
kindness towards others. Like this compassion and altruism.
This is on a global scale. This is fairly recent. Yeah.
Figuring things out as we go. I mean, the history is a perfect,
you can show you how we've progressed. You know,
it's a document documentation of how we progress.
But yet still, that was still 50 years after slavery. Yeah. Right.
That's crazy. Yeah. 40, 45 years after slavery. What the guys?
So Bronx zoo, you know,
speaking in our like weird crypted realm reminded me of something.
So get this Chuba Cobre has been attributed to the possibility
that there are thylacine in north America.
And here's what supports that there is documented proof that however
many years ago, I don't remember the dates.
There were two breeding pair of thylacine bound for the Bronx zoo.
And they, the boat crashed into the shore. And most of the animals escaped,
including the two breeding pair of thylacine fast forward, 10, 15 years,
you start having these Chuba Cobre sightings pop up in the Northeast.
And these animals were adapted to living in Tasmania,
which is a pretty similar climate to the north America and Northeast. And so,
uh, there's people that have kind of drawn these parallels and said, oh,
the Chuba Cobre that we've reported running around. You know,
the United States is actually a tiny remnant population of these thylacine that
were brought here for the Bronx zoo. That escaped what.
You buy into this. No, not.
Personally, but it sounds, it's an amazing.
Well, the story had me, if you said yes, I'm ready to go on an expedition.
Quick question off of stuff. You've talked about.
If someone could get one for the Bronx zoo,
then what a rich person had been able to buy one like a rich guy in Texas,
for instance, I've been able to purchase one.
Privately. Yeah.
Back then. You could probably get one today.
And we want to find a thylacine go to Baba's house.
But especially back then, there were no like import export laws about wildlife.
You know, you could just bring in whatever you liked. If you had money,
you know,
what's to say everybody was in a race to collect stuff for zoos and museums like
what's to say somebody didn't bring some in there.
It's sort of new Nietzsche marks who said, God is dead.
Nietzsche said, God is dead. But Mark's basically said, uh,
religion is the opiate of the masses.
Human beings are the masters of their own fate.
And all of these guys who basically took God out of the equation.
And all of them were basically saying that we are animals and God
isn't it. God is no longer here. We're animals.
And if you don't create a society, control our animalistic impulses,
we're going to slaughter and rape each other and world war one proof,
all of those guys. Right. Basically. But it was a time when there was,
everything was up in the air. Einstein comes along and says time and space,
not so fast. It's actually relative. And everybody went what? Huh? He goes,
yeah, time doesn't exist. Like a stopwatch. God didn't start a stopwatch.
And that's what Newton said. But actually it could look.
I'm trying to work your way through that. You can't the one where you go,
if you go fast enough into space and then come back,
everybody here will be old and you'll be the same age. Do you.
Know how that works? Yeah.
I do. But it's still like what?
Yeah, it's really weird. Do you know? I think this is true. This is what I read.
He was walking. He was like in, uh, where was he? CERN, Switzerland.
Where the it is. He gets off the, he's trying to come up with these.
He's thinking about the theory of relativity or whatever.
And he gets off the train and he's walking
away from the train station.
He turns and looks at the clock and the clock says, let's say six o'clock.
It turns and looks. And he turns back around and he stops. And he goes, wait,
hold on. I was walking away from the clock.
So when I saw the clock, it said six,
but that's how long it took the light to get to my eye.
By the time the light hit my eye was actually later
because the light has to hit my eye for me. Do you understand by a fraction.
Of a second later?
So he said,
what about was moving at the speed of light time would stand still because the
light would never hit my eye. It's a weird thing to say, but I was like,
that's a.
And I wonder if that works with biological aging,
they wonder biological aging is on a constant, right? Oh, that's interesting.
Yeah. Entropy.
Right. Well, I know that like, time would be different. Right.
But I wonder like when you say time stands still, but it's got to exist.
If you're alive, it's got exist somehow. Biologically,
your body's not going to stop heart beating and breathing. Right.
So like how many heartbeats do you have in you? I mean,
that's part of what life is. Life is like,
you got a limited number of heartbeats. If you wanted to really break it down.
Right. How many of them are you going to use?
Why are you going through Lightspeed? Those don't count.
I know you're going to beat your heart's going to beat. Right.
So how long is it actually going to take in real time,
down on earth while you're up there? Because I think it's going to be like,
well, you're moving so fast that it feels like 10 minutes.
Cause it is 10 minutes to you. And then you come back.
You've only aged 10 minutes, but it might be 10 years down here.